Hello, I'm Lim Jae Won. 
Today I'll talk about 'Hoaxes'. 

Hoaxes are very mysterious and unbelievable things. 
There are many kinds of Hoaxes.
This presentation will focus on one kind of Hoaxes.
It's mysteries.
If you listen to this presentation, You will learn about many mysteries.
This presentation will take about five minute. 
If you have any question, do it after the presentation.
Then let's get into mysteries.

First, What are they?
There are many kinds of mysteries.
Let's take a look at some typical examples.
The first types are palm lines, tarot cards, and astrology.
These are mainly related to people's destiny.
People usually do it for fun.
The second types are crop circles, Bermuda Triangle.
These are often supernatural phenomena.
And they have big scale.
There's a lot of other things, but they're over time.
So, finally, I'm going to talk about the topic of the day.
It is a spiritual being like ghost.
They are usually scary or mysterious.
We saw various kinds of mysteries in point #1.
And we will find out more about spiritual beings in point #2.

Second, What is one example?
We will find out about spiritual beings.
Ghosts are generally seen in movies.
Usually ghosts are caused by lingering resentment in reality.
So when you settle a grudge, it often disappears.
In Joseon, there is an existence called dokkaebi.
They demand ssileum from people who walk through the mountains during the night.
The dokkaebi won't let anyone go until they win the ssileum match.
After beating the dokkaebi and going back home, the next morning, there is usually a broom.

Third, Why did people believe it?
It is often said that ghosts and dokkaebi appeared in reality.
But in reality, it is often nothing.
Then why do you believe in ghosts?
It is usually a brain illusion.
Such illusions usually occur when it is dark.
They mistake the laundry for a person or cat crying for a baby crying.
It's not something to be afraid of, but the surrounding circumstances interfere with the realistic judgment of the brain, making it feel like there is a ghost.

Finally, Are most mysteries true or hoaxes?
Most of the mysterious things are often not true.
There's a simple brain illusion, and there's someone deliberately spreading lies.
Some exist for fun, and others exist for various reasons, but they are not real.

It's time to end it.
Today we learned about mystories, a kind of Hoaxes.
There are various mysteries in the world.
There will be many mysteries that we don't know.
It would be fun to look for mysteries when you're bored.

That's all for my presentation.
Thank you for listening, and if you have any questions, you can start now.
Thank you.